mostly
since you've ever seen a third there's
more to come in about 40 minutes time
back to thank you for climbing way of
the cross for our sins margin show that
God's SS mechanically both ready
sitting in the right-hand seat keV room
is co-captain and the aeo down the back
is phil davis today during about 345
miles an hour as he came past us there
with the engines throttled back pulled
into the break air brakes out
decelerating to about 160 miles an hour
to come back some water so that lovely
delta-shaped with the Franks leading
edge over on the far side sewage it
against those rather elegant gray clouds
which have kept away promise fortunately
and not drop Tony Romo on us today who's
right at the end of Falcons operational
career in nineteen eighty-two supported
by victors and other Vulcans Vulcan 607
mission center line of the Port Stanley
runway of the Falkland Islands with one
calm and the edge of the runway with
another making the runway unusable for
Argentine fast jets and until the Gulf
War that was the longest bombing raid in
history 7760 miles round trip that's
further than from here to Santiago in
Chile and the man flying it the captain
was marching with us flying this
aircraft before us today
full power for a moment there and then
sending again with air brakes out see
the air brake sticking out on top and
bottom of the wing as she turns back
towards us they'll be selecting lafon
doors open so she flies by next time we
shall see the enormous capacious Bombay
Bombay they've carried 21,000 pounds of
21 separated 1000 pound forms all the
way the Falkland Islands that's 7760
mile round trip
the last malkin display in the hands the
Royal Air Force was in nineteen ninety
two doors closing as she comes past
again
the campaign to get this airplane
it's very earliest days there has been
enormous support from this Civil
Aviation Authority from Marshall
aerospace with the engineering authority
for the aircraft other companies as well
EAD s MBP bae systems jefferson
atl things goodrich and rolls-royce and
most recently era bites and throughout
it all z walton limited at
bruntingthorpe and of course here today
SP aviation huge amount of thanks to all
of those companies but the biggest
thanks of all to you the breeding people
the business plan always envisaged
having him put anything in my major
commercial sponsor her first display
season last year was just totally
wrongly timed she still hasn't got
evaders lotsa she has money to the end
of the season but nobody quite knows
till heaven she still needs your help so
after the show please go to the Vulcan
village at the right hand end near where
she and see what you can do
Oh
the extraordinary market effect should
be a very good reason why big companies
might be queuing up to sponsor this
aircraft she has an absolutely amazing
proven ability to attract big audiences
and of course the other thing that she
does is to honor the past and inspire
the future she honors the past the great
Cold War warriors and of course the
grooves that took the fight to the
Argentine's in the Falkland Islands but
she inspires the future because this is
absolutely classic British engineering
and aviation expertise and for something
as beautiful as this
when I first take my first show we don't
what the first better confess or take
off that one if I 58